Add doc for Recovery from expansion failure (#30552)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers.md

This admission controller implements additional validations for checking incoming `PersistentVolumeClaim` resize requests.

{{< note >}}

> Support for volume resizing is available as an beta feature. Admins must set the feature gate `ExpandPersistentVolumes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for volume resizing is available as a beta feature. As a cluster administrator,
you must ensure that the feature gate `ExpandPersistentVolumes` is set
```
